# MATLAB Implementation of Vadam and VOGN for Bayesian Logistic Regression

This directory contains the MATLAB required to reproduce figure 2 in this paper.

## Requirements
The experiment is performed on MATLAB R2018a. All of the support libraries that are included in the repository.

## Scripts Explanation

### Main Scripts

There are three main MATLAB scripts:
* toy_example.m - This script reproduces the 2D Bayesian logistic regression experiment in figure 2(a).
* usps_experiment.m - This script reproduces the Bayesian logistic regression experiment on [USPS 3v5](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvmtools/datasets/multiclass.html#usps) shown in figure 2(b).
* breast_cancer_experiment.m - This script reproduces the Bayesian logistic regression experiment on [Breast Cancer Scale](https://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvmtools/datasets/binary.html#breast-cancer) shown figure 2(c).

Each of these scripts will run it's corresponding experiment and then plot the results. This regenerates the three subfigures in figure 2 of the paper, which are automatically saved to the *figures* directory.

### Other Scripts

There are five directories in addition to the experiment scripts:
* datasets - contains the Breast Cancer Scale and USPS 3vs5 datasets.
* figures - contains the sub figures that make up figure 2 in the paper. Running the experiment scripts will automatically replace the figures in this folder with ones that are generated by the execution.
* lib - contains helper functions and support libraries.
* plotting - contains the plotting scripts used to generate figure 2.

## How to Reproduce Figure 2

The results in figure 2 of the paper can be reproduced by executing the corresponding MATLAB scripts (listed above). To do so, start MATLAB and execute the script. For example,

``` yourname@yourmachine: matlab -nodesktop```

``` >> usps_experiment```

will run the USPS 3vs5 experiment and reproduce figure 2(b). The hyperparameters required for each experiment are hard coded in the corresponding MATLAB script and can be easily changed by modifying the scripts if desired. The random seeds are set in the `run_experiment.m` file and correspond to the restart numbers (e.g. 1, ..., 20 for the experiments with twenty restarts).  
